[Fix] Added limitations of Active Tracing to certain Gateway types (#1589)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/konnect-platform/active-tracing.md

  - `KONG_CLUSTER_RPC=on`
  - `KONG_ACTIVE_TRACING=on`

>     {:.info}
>     > **Note:**
>     > Active tracing is currently limited to
>     - Konnect Self-Managed Hybrid Gateways
>     - Konnect Dedicated Cloud Gateways
>     - Konnect Serverless Gateways
>     {{site.kic_product_name}} and Native Event Proxy Gateways are not supported at this time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{:.info}
> **Note:**
> Active tracing is currently limited to:
- Konnect Self-Managed Hybrid Gateways
- Konnect Dedicated Cloud Gateways
- Konnect Serverless Gateways
> <br><br>
> {{site.kic_product_name}} and {{site.event_gateway}} Gateways are not supported at this time.
```
